## *COLLABORATIONS


------
### [Geometrid Pavilion](http://core.thorntontomasetti.com/geometrid-pavilion/)
`Physical Prototyping` | `Structural Design`  

*Collaboration with CORE Studio|Thornton Tomasetti_2015*
Temporary pavilion designed for the 2015 International Association for Shell and Spatial Structures (IASS) Symposium in Amsterdam. The 8m- long suspended kinetic structure “pulses” as the 8 scissor rings spaced along the central truss, expand and contract. Grasshopper was used to study geometric proportions and relationships, Digital Project was used for fabrication modeling, clash detection, and assembly logic, and Processing, Arduino, and Gcode for motion programming and control.

[Article](http://core.thorntontomasetti.com/geometrid-pavilion/)  
[Paper](https://s3.amazonaws.com/corewebsite-media-uploads/CoreStudioWebsite/wp-content/uploads/20150914212851/20150817_IASS_Geometrid-Paper_final_r02.pdf)  
[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gt9Fv8wE0YI)  

------
### [Kunstfort Asperen Dome](https://www.fortbijasperen.nl/avg.html)
`Parametric form explorations` | `Structural Design'  

*Collaboration with Bureau SLA_2013*
Assisted in the design development of the 12m-diameter timber dome structure which serves as a partial covering for the central core of the landmark fort. Developed concept with BureauSLA and investigated options for discretizing dome.  Performed parametric study of dome configurations.  Built finite element analysis model and performed analysis of total structure and developed details for construction. 

------
### [Project EGG](projectegg.org)
`Parametric form explorations` | `Structural Design'  

*Collaboration with Studio Michiel van der Kley_2013*
Performed structural analysis of free-form 3D printed pavilion to determine stability of form. The pavilion  is composed of about 5,000 modules which were 3D printed by volunteers from around the world, and connected on site to build the final form.  The architectural form was discretized into a line element model and analyzed assuming approximate material properties for the 3D printed modules. As a testament to its modular design, the pavilion continues to be disassembled and reconstructed at various venues around the world.

------
### [Boathouse at Het Lankheet](dynck.nl)
`Parametric form explorations` | `Structural Design'  

*Collaboration with Dynck_2013*
Performed structural verifcation of the deflection and stability analysis of the timber canopy structure, which was done using the Karamba add-on for Grasshopper. The output generated by Karamba was used, in combination with the evolutionary solver, Galapagos, to optimize the angles of inclination of the canopy’s columns. The parametric model was also used to facilitate fabrication of the boathouse using locally harvested timber. 




© 2018 Mia Tsiamis
